nfc: Add annotation about debug messages (#8103)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/shortcuts.txt

   :rtrim:

.. |Google_CCLicense| replace:: Portions of this page are reproduced from work created and `shared by Google`_, and used according to terms described in the `Creative Commons 4.0 Attribution License`_.

.. |nfc_nfct_driver_note| replace:: If you are using debug messages in the NFCT driver, the driver might not be working properly if you have :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LOG_MODE_IMMEDIATE` enabled.
   The NFCT driver is part of the nrfx driver package.

>    For more information about this driver, see the NFCT driver page in the API reference if the :ref:`nrfx:index` documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For more information about this driver, see the NFCT driver page in the `nrfx`_ repository.
```
